Adjust wording and make small format changes (#6988)
ppy/osu: README.md

dotnet run --project osu.Desktop
```

If you are not interested in debugging *osu!*, you can add `-c Release` to gain performance. In this case, you must replace `Debug` with `Release` in any commands mentioned in this document.

If the build fails, try to restore NuGet packages with `dotnet restore`.

_Due to a historical feature gap between .NET Core and Xamarin, running `dotnet` CLI from the root directory will not work for most commands. This can be resolved by specifying a target `.csproj` or the helper project at `build/Desktop.proj`. Configurations have been provided to work around this issue for all supported IDEs mentioned above._

### Testing with resource/framework modifications

Sometimes it may be necessary to cross-test changes in [osu-resources](https://github.com/ppy/osu-resources) or [osu-framework](https://github.com/ppy/osu-framework). This can be achieved by running some commands as documented on the [osu-resources](https://github.com/ppy/osu-resources/wiki/Testing-local-resources-checkout-with-other-projects) and [osu-framework](https://github.com/ppy/osu-framework/wiki/Testing-local-framework-checkout-with-other-projects) wiki pages.

### Code analysis

> Before committing your code, please run a code formatter. This can be achieved with running `dotnet format` in the command line, or the `Format code` command in your IDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before committing your code, please run a code formatter. This can be achieved by running `dotnet format` in the command line, or using the `Format code` command in your IDE.
```

Before starting, please make sure you are familiar with the [development and testing](https://github.com/ppy/osu-framework/wiki/Development-and-Testing) procedure we have set up. New component development, and where possible, bug fixing and debugging existing components **should always be done under VisualTests**.

Note that while we already have certain standards in place, nothing is set in stone. If you have an issue with the way code is structured, with any libraries we are using, or with any processes involved with contributing, *please* bring it up. We welcome all feedback so we can make contributing to this project as painless as possible.

For those interested, we love to reward quality contributions via [bounties](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jNXfj_S3Pb5PErA-czDdC9DUu4IgUbe1Lt8E7CYUJuE/view?&rm=minimal#gid=523803337), paid out via PayPal or osu!supporter tags. Don't hesitate to [request a bounty](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSet_8iFAgPMG526pBZ2Kic6HSh7XPM3fE8xPcnWNkMzINDdYg/viewform) for your work on this project.

## Licence

> The *osu!client* code and framework are licensed under the [MIT licence](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT). Please see [the licence file](LICENCE) for more information. [tl;dr](https://tldrlegal.com/license/mit-license) you can do whatever you want as long as you include the original copyright and license notice in any copy of the software/source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*osu!*'s code and framework are licensed under the [MIT licence](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT). Please see [the licence file](LICENCE) for more information. [tl;dr](https://tldrlegal.com/license/mit-license) you can do whatever you want as long as you include the original copyright and license notice in any copy of the software/source.
```
